Core modules - are modules which are installed when we install node.js 
and here are full list of core modules

assert: Provides a set of assertion tests for verifying invariants.

buffer: Deals with binary data directly through a Buffer object.

child_process: Enables running child processes.

cluster: Allows forking of processes to take advantage of multi-core systems.

crypto: Provides cryptographic functionality including a set of wrappers for OpenSSL's hash, HMAC, cipher, decipher, sign, and verify functions.

dgram: Provides implementation for UDP datagram sockets.

dns: Includes functions to perform name resolution and DNS lookups.

events: Provides the EventEmitter class, central to many Node.js APIs.

fs: File system operations, such as reading and writing files.

http: Provides HTTP server and client functionality.

https: Similar to the HTTP module, but for HTTPS.

net: Provides an asynchronous network API for creating stream-based TCP or IPC servers and clients.

os: Provides basic operating-system related utility functions.

path: Contains utilities for handling and transforming file paths.

process: Provides information about and control over the current Node.js process.

querystring: Provides utilities for parsing and formatting URL query strings.

readline: Provides a way of reading a line from an input stream one line at a time.

repl: Provides a Read-Eval-Print Loop (REPL) implementation.

stream: Abstract interface implemented by various objects in Node.js.

string_decoder: Provides a way of decoding Buffer objects into strings.

timers: Provides functions to execute a function after a set amount of time.

tls: Provides a TLS (formerly known as SSL) implementation.

url: Provides utilities for URL resolution and parsing.

util: Provides utilities in various areas.

v8: Exposes APIs that are specific to the version of V8 built with Node.js.

vm: Provides APIs for compiling and running scripts within V8 Virtual Machine contexts.

zlib: Provides compression functionality implemented using Gzip and Deflate/Inflat


